capital = 521
primary_culture = portuguese
culture = galician
culture = spanish
culture = zzz_religion_catholic
religion = catholic
government = democracy
plurality = 0
nationalvalue = nv_liberty
literacy = 0.143248

civilized = yes

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

# political reforms
slavery=yes_slavery
vote_franschise=wealth_weighted_voting
upper_house_composition=state_equal_weight
voting_system=first_past_the_post
public_meetings=yes_meeting
press_rights=censored_press
trade_unions=non_socialist
political_parties=gerrymandering

ruling_party = POR_liberal
upper_house = 
{
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 13
	conservative = 82
	reactionary = 5
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 1.643
nonstate_consciousness= 1.25757

# Technologies
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
the_command_principle = 1
water_wheel_power = 1
prestige=22.8469
oob = "POR_OOB.txt"
set_country_flag = religi
